Done a lot in this section.
And we created a lot of things that can cost us
a lot of money if we leave them running.
So, first of all,
for the easy two instances,
make sure to terminate them or to stop them.
I will stop them because I may need to get back to them for
more demos, obviously, but you,
I would recommend on terminating everything.
Okay.
Other things that can cost you money are going to be around
your VBC. So let's have a look at what is created.
So we cannot do the PC right away.
We would need to delete the subnets and delete the first
route table. There's an internet gateway.
We need to detach and deletes the egress only internet
gateway. Again, we can delete it and detach it.
Elastic IPS is a very, very, very important.
So we did create an elastic IP that was attached.
Remember to our net gateway. Okay.
That gateway ID. So it's attached to it.
So once you delete the nugget way ID,
please make sure to also remove the elastic IP.
We did create some VPC endpoints.
So remember to delete these end points because they can cost
you money over time. They're definitely,
there's a per hour fee.
We didn't create any infant services in the end nugget way.
Again, we can delete it and then release the elastic IP,
and then any peering connection, you can delete it as well.
Before you can remove that VBC altogether network is yells
again, make sure you remove the knuckles if need be,
but they won't cost you any money.
And the rest is good.
So please make sure to delete and clean everything up.
Otherwise you may have a funky surprising in the end of the
month. And again,
the best way for you to really look at your bill in AWS is
to go to your billing dashboard, look at the bill.
So as you can see how there's some bill from me over the
virtual private cloud. Okay.
And so to just address that bill,
when they need to do is go to bills, go to my month.
And then in here I'm able to see, Hey,
there is elastic compute cloud has been working and cost me
one point 25.
So the net gateway is actually going to cost me,
cost me $1 and 25 already.
So it's good to know.
And then if I scroll down a route with you,
three did cost me 70. Of course.
So again, I forgot,
but going to route with the three and delete that hosted
zone. This is costing you 50 cents per month.
Do you have the hosted zone?
And then for your VPC, let's have a look at what costs.
So the VPC reach ability analyzer did cost me some money as
well. Okay.
So that's it for this lecture. I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.